Part 1
    1. What are the relevant features of the Titanic dataset?
The relevant features are all but: ticket, name, cabin and port of embarkment
    2. Can you find a parameter configuration to get a validation score greater than 62%?
No
    3. What are the advantages/disadvantages of K-means clustering?
Advantages:
    It is quite simple to implement
    Scales easily to large datasets
    Continually improving as there is no clear training phase
Disadvantages:
    Requires pre-specification of number of clusters (k)
    Prone to skewing due to outliers in the dataset
    
    4. As the number of clusters is directly related to the columns in the dataset.
    We can check the number of columns in the dataset and adapt the number of clusters to that.
    
    We can also pre-check the training data to ensure that outliers do not skew the training,
    this can for example be accomplished by deleting the furthest n points of data in all columns.

Part 2
    1. How many clusters do you have?
5
    2. Plot the data to see how the clusters have actually been formed
    3. What can you conclude from looking at the plot?
They seem to be clustered correctly
Part 3
    1. Can you choose n_components = 2? Can you think of some method to test this?
Yes, you can. However the size of some vectors need to be changed. By meassuring the variance ratio 
of the principal components, we can see that those two components make up about 100% of the variance. high variance = high importance
    2. Create the scatter plot of the third principal component (that is, you combine the third
    principal component with the first and then the second principal component). What can
    you see with the plot? What is the difference?
Yes you can, the first two principal components makes up 87% of the variance, so the third principal component is not very important.
    3. Can you tell which feature contributes more towards the PC?
The lightest colors of the plot, mean concave points and mean concavity.
